fix: update readme (#2138)
NVIDIA-NeMo/Automodel: README.md

## Feature Roadmap

> ✅ _Available now (v0.4.0 / 26.02 container)_ | 🔜 _Coming next_

Author: ```suggestion
✅ _Available now ([v0.4.0](https://pypi.org/project/nemo-automodel/0.4.0/) / [26.04 container](nvcr.io/nvidia/nemo-automodel:26.04))_ | 🔜 _Coming next_
```

- ✅ **Sequence Packing** - Sequence packing for huge training perf gains.
- ✅ **FP8 and mixed precision** - FP8 support with torchao and Transformer Engine.
- ✅ **DCP** - Distributed Checkpoint support with SafeTensors output.
- ✅ **VLM** - Finetuning for VLMs (Qwen2.5/3/3.5/3.6 VL, Gemma-3/3n/4 VL, Mistral 3.5/4, LLaVA-OneVision-1.5, Kimi-VL, etc.).
- ✅ **Omnimodal** - Finetuning for omnimodal MoE models (Nemotron-3-Nano-Omni, Qwen3-Omni).
- ✅ **Diffusion** - Pretraining and LoRA finetuning for image/video diffusion models (Qwen-Image, FLUX, Wan2.1, Hunyuan).
- ✅ **dLLM** - Discrete diffusion LM finetuning (LLaDA).
- ✅ **Retrieval** - Bi-encoder and cross-encoder training with in-batch negative sampling.
- ✅ **Extended MoE support** - GPT-OSS, Qwen3 / Qwen3.5 / Qwen3.6 MoE, Qwen-next, MiniMax-M2.x, GLM-4.7 / GLM-5 / GLM-5.1, DeepSeek V3.2 / V4 / V4-Flash, Hy3-preview.
- ✅ **Dion optimizer** - Distributed Dion optimizer integration.
- ✅ **Agent-friendly skills** - Curated [`skills/`](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/Automodel/tree/main/skills) for common dev tasks (recipe runs, model onboarding, CI).

> - ✅ **Transformers v5 🤗** - Built on `transformers==5.5.0` with device-mesh driven parallelism.

Author: ```suggestion
- ✅ **Transformers v5 🤗** - Built on latest transformers with device-mesh driven parallelism.
```
